I held it up in front of you.
Why do you say I'm invalid?
When we entered the gate of the ancestral hall just now
Already heard
You ate something during the Olympics
Got a zero.
Shame on you all
I just got angry and won 600kg against my son.
Naturally, he also ate something.
So your scene is invalid.
Du Yue's battle is also invalid
You sent someone
I didn't look at anything
It's not that we slander you.
You Zhaojia villagers said it yourself
Are you still quibbling?
Ok you little bitch
No wonder you can lift 600 kilos.
It turned out to be a secret drug
And you Zhaojiacun people are all bastards too
Send a drugged man out to fight
Don't you think it's not even martial?
What do you say?
Is this your Zhaojiacun?
There is also the legacy of Wu Zhuangyuan
Don't be afraid of losing face if you say it out?
In front of your ancestors
Can't compare to us
I'm still secretly carving medicine
It really disgraced your ancestors
I'll say it again.
I didn't engrave anything.
How dare you quibble
Dare to engrave the game
Now what if you want to save face?
If the grades you want are invalid, you will fail.
You should have the armed man's plaque.
Kneel in front of me
Admit that you are a waste
The results will be out in 5 minutes
Then you will know
Do I have anything?